// Compost colors for createsandpapers. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
arid_sand_paper, #ffffc2
black_sand_paper, #515a61
blue_sand_paper, #b1defb
brown_sand_paper, #c3a072
coral_sand_paper, #ffffff
foamy_sand_paper, #ebffff
green_sand_paper, #bfd4a2
mars_sand_paper, #ffcc89
mineral_sand_paper, #ffffff
moon_sand_paper, #7d8a8e
orange_sand_paper, #ffe7c5
pink_sand_paper, #e0aeed
quartzite_sand_paper, #ffffff
red_arid_sand_paper, #fff2aa
soul_sand_paper, #836452
soulless_sand_paper, #785c4b
venus_sand_paper, #ffee87
violet_sand_paper, #d6c2f2
white_sand_paper, #ffffff
windswept_sand_paper, #f7cac9
