// Compost colors for justdirethings. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
blazegold_axe, #bc9e9b
blazegold_boots, #cfbcc2
blazegold_chestplate, #c29a9d
blazegold_helmet, #fffafe
blazegold_hoe, #c9b2ab
blazegold_ingot, #ca9a97
blazegold_leggings, #caaeb4
blazegold_pickaxe, #c5aeab
blazegold_shovel, #caa5a0
blazegold_sword, #917276
blazejet_wand, #ffffff
bow_blazegold, #825a5b
bow_celestigem, #55afae
bow_eclipsealloy, #475057
bow_ferricore, #6b8c91
celestigem, #e6ffff
celestigem_axe, #dee8d7
celestigem_boots, #c8eaea
celestigem_chestplate, #98e0de
celestigem_helmet, #f4ffff
celestigem_hoe, #aeaf9a
celestigem_leggings, #afeaea
celestigem_paxel, #d2decf
celestigem_pickaxe, #9da08a
celestigem_shovel, #b1ab90
celestigem_sword, #a2967a
coal_t1, #bbd7d6
coal_t2, #c6a4a1
coal_t3, #a0ded4
coal_t4, #989ea2
eclipsealloy_axe, #a89ea1
eclipsealloy_boots, #aecfd3
eclipsealloy_chestplate, #82a4ac
eclipsealloy_helmet, #eef8fc
eclipsealloy_hoe, #98908e
eclipsealloy_ingot, #87919b
eclipsealloy_leggings, #9eb4bb
eclipsealloy_paxel, #a49a9b
eclipsealloy_pickaxe, #8a8280
eclipsealloy_shovel, #b49890
eclipsealloy_sword, #756e76
eclipsegate_wand, #f5ffff
ferricore_axe, #d7d4d0
ferricore_boots, #c8e1e4
ferricore_chestplate, #b2d9dc
ferricore_helmet, #ffffff
ferricore_hoe, #cdc3be
ferricore_ingot, #bfe0e3
ferricore_leggings, #c0dee3
ferricore_pickaxe, #b9b4ac
ferricore_shovel, #c9b6ac
ferricore_sword, #939da0
ferricore_wrench, #6c9da7
fuel_canister, #dcfcfe
machinesettingscopier, #fbffff
pocket_generator, #e6ffff
polymorphic_catalyst, #deb6b9
polymorphic_wand, #fff0ea
polymorphic_wand_v2, #ede7e1
portal_fluid_catalyst, #decde7
potion_canister, #f5ffff
raw_blazegold, #bf9394
raw_eclipsealloy, #7f8690
raw_ferricore, #b4d3d7
template_blazegold, #ffcddc
template_celestigem, #d4ffff
template_eclipsealloy, #c3c3e4
template_ferricore, #ffffff
time_crystal, #cdffd3
time_wand, #f2ffeb
totem_of_death_recall, #d9b9bc
upgrade_blank, #fefefe
upgrade_cauterizewounds, #f7eaeb
upgrade_deathprotection, #fffff5
upgrade_debuffremover, #fffeed
upgrade_decoy, #ffffff
upgrade_dropteleport, #e4f5f2
upgrade_earthquake, #f4f4f1
upgrade_elytra, #f1f1f4
upgrade_epicarrow, #fffcfa
upgrade_extinguish, #fbf5f5
upgrade_flight, #ffffff
upgrade_glowing, #fcfaed
upgrade_groundstomp, #ffffff
upgrade_hammer, #ffffff
upgrade_homing, #fff5f5
upgrade_instabreak, #fefbf4
upgrade_invulnerability, #f0f0f1
upgrade_jumpboost, #f7ffff
upgrade_lavaimmunity, #feeeda
upgrade_lawnmower, #eaf4ea
upgrade_leafbreaker, #f7fef5
upgrade_lingering, #f1faf1
upgrade_mindfog, #ffffff
upgrade_mobscanner, #e4f0e1
upgrade_negatefalldamage, #ffffff
upgrade_nightvision, #e7e4dd
upgrade_noai, #ffffff
upgrade_oreminer, #f8fefc
upgrade_orescanner, #f0eeea
upgrade_orexray, #eef1f1
upgrade_phase, #e3dac3
upgrade_potionarrow, #f1f5f0
upgrade_runspeed, #fefbf8
upgrade_skysweeper, #ffffff
upgrade_smelter, #e7e6e4
upgrade_smoker, #eeeae3
upgrade_splash, #f5fff8
upgrade_stepheight, #f7f8f8
upgrade_stupefy, #fafafb
upgrade_swimspeed, #f8ffff
upgrade_time_protection, #f8fff2
upgrade_treefeller, #feffff
upgrade_walkspeed, #fffffc
upgrade_waterbreathing, #ffffff
voidshift_wand, #ffffff
